Hello everyone, and where are your friends with you and Fox?
today we are looking at 3 and james mod
This mod we add to the game two new
stone it
rubies and sapphires and also allow us
crafting of these tools and let
emerald tool paints which
we had the game but only as
payment itself as well as this mod
will add a triple stone which
obtained from these three stones if their
put it all together which means from
he can also be in front of the tools and he
very effective
what can be said started by
efficiency all these stones are the same
absolutely identical no weaker than diamonds
but in metal level prints but by
strength they are all different means the most
their strength is actually emerald he
even stronger than a diamond and enough of it
much more time in second place
we have
sapphire and on the third rubens but if we
all put them together it turns out
triple stone which is both in strength and
As much as two times better than efficiency
diamond meaning it is very cool and worth
to do it because with such picks
swords there and shovels
you can do much more
Action to do it much faster than
diamonds let's look at triple
stone with a brief of it anything i
I think you should not show how to craft
out of the ordinary of these stones because in this
absolutely nothing complicated this
simple craft ordinary tools like
you do it with wood stones there
iron don't know diamonds
all recipes are exactly the same simple
let's look now at triple c
we only need for this
three pebbles here such I will make it
start one show and then later on
let's make the tools just
take one gemstone
come and do the following here
we put sapphire here we put
emerald and here we put the diamond and oh my gosh
we get a triple to meter stone
this is a wonderful kamik from which we
we can already make our tool and
now let 's get on the cheek and two
precious Komi so that we will have three
triple stones and we can make a hole
I'll show you how it works just
wonderful mod and which adds
krypton cheat he is no special
add benefits because find
all these stones are quite difficult but not
however nevertheless very cool mod
which will ease your game here we are
got three three centuries doing me a pickaxe
ordinary rector that is and pickaxe ready
see how it drips see opa opa
everything is gone to me here for example i'm for
comparisons are able to cry like this
diamond pickaxe will drip see here
we have a diamond, but such a diamond
and here it is diamond and here
triple
I think everything can be seen with the naked eye
you see for yourself that the correct stone is
cool well can do the tools
also
and from here all these stones
said no worse than a diamond dripping but
about part
more emerald on this all this mod
nothing else adds but that
again quite enough for that
to enjoy the game
Insert mode is for fun and
not like some just worth mods for
order to put fashion
all while you had a fox subscribe
on the channel bye